1. What are comments and what is the importance if commenting in any
code?
---> Comments in Excel, like in any code, are essential non-executable lines that provide explanations, context, and
 documentation within the code. They enhance readability, aid in troubleshooting, facilitate collaboration, assist in 
 understanding code logic, and serve as valuable resources for maintenance and learning.


2. What is Call Statement and when do you use this statement?
---> The Call statement in VBA is used to invoke a procedure or subroutine. It's optional and can be omitted when calling 
  a procedure. You use the Call statement when you want to explicitly indicate that you're calling a procedure, which can
   make the code more readable and understandable, especially in certain contexts or for clarity when passing arguments.
   However, it's not commonly used in modern VBA programming, as calling procedures without Call is the standard practice.


3. How do you compile a code in VBA? What are some of the problem thatyou might face when you don’t compile a code?
---> Compiling VBA code in the VBA editor automatically checks for syntax errors and ensures code correctness. Without 
 compilation, you risk encountering syntax errors, runtime issues, performance degradation, debugging challenges, and 
 reduced code maintainability.


4. What are hot keys in VBA? How can you create your own hot keys?
---> Hotkeys in VBA are keyboard shortcuts that allow quick execution of commands. You can create your own hotkeys using 
 the Application.OnKey method in VBA. This method assigns a keyboard shortcut to a specific VBA procedure, streamlining
 workflow and improving efficiency.


5. Create a macro and shortcut key to find the square root of the followingnumbers 665, 89, 72, 86, 48, 32, 569, 7521
---> To create a macro in Excel VBA to find the square root of the given numbers and assign a shortcut key to it, follow
   these steps:

 1. Open Excel and press Alt + F11 to open the VBA editor.
 2 .Go to Insert > Module to insert a new module.
 3 .Copy and paste the following VBA code into the module:

Sub FindSquareRoot()
    Dim numbers() As Variant
    Dim i As Integer

    ' Define the numbers
    numbers = Array(665, 89, 72, 86, 48, 32, 569, 7521)

    ' Find and display the square root of each number
    For i = LBound(numbers) To UBound(numbers)
        MsgBox "Square root of " & numbers(i) & " is " & Sqr(numbers(i))
    Next i
End Sub


Close the VBA editor.
. To assign a shortcut key:
.Go to the "View" tab in Excel.
. click on "Macros" in the "Macros" group.
.Select "View Macros" from the dropdown menu.
.Choose the "FindSquareRoot" macro and click "Options..."
. In the "Shortcut key" field, type the desired shortcut key combination (e.g., Ctrl + Shift + R).
. Click "OK" to close the dialog boxes.
. Now, whenever you press the assigned shortcut key combination (e.g., Ctrl + Shift + R), Excel will execute the macro,
. and a message box will display the square root of each of the given numbers.

6. What are the shortcut keys used to
a. Run the code
b. Step into the code
c. Step out of code
d. Reset the code
---> Here are the shortcut keys commonly used in the VBA editor:
 a. Run the code: F5
 b. Step into the code: F8
 c. Step out of code: Shift + F8
 d. Reset the code: Ctrl + Break