1. What are the data types used in VBA?
---> In VBA, there are several data types commonly used:
. Integer: Used for whole numbers without decimals (-32,768 to 32,767).
. Long: Similar to Integer but with a larger range (-2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647).
. Single: Used for single-precision floating-point numbers (up to 7 digits of accuracy).
. Double: Used for double-precision floating-point numbers (up to 15 digits of accuracy).
. String: Used for text data.
. Boolean: Used for logical True/False values.
. Date: Used for date and time values.
. Object: Used for referencing objects in the application.
. Variant: Can hold any type of data; defaults to a subtype based on the value assigned.


2. What are variables and how do you declare them in VBA? Whathappens if you don’t declare a variable?
--->Variables in VBA are placeholders for storing data. You declare them using the Dim keyword followed by the variable name 
  and optional data type. If you don't declare a variable, VBA treats it as a variant type, leading to potential errors
  and decreased code readability and performance.


3. What is a range object in VBA? What is a worksheet object?
---> In VBA, a Range object represents a cell, a row, a column, a selection of cells, or a 3-D range within a worksheet.
  It allows you to manipulate and interact with cell data, such as reading values, setting values, formatting cells, 
  and performing calculations.
 A Worksheet object, on the other hand, represents a single worksheet within a workbook. It provides access to properties 
 and methods related to the worksheet, allowing you to manipulate its contents, formatting, and structure. With a Worksheet
  object, you can perform operations like reading and writing data to cells, formatting cells, adding or deleting rows and
  columns, and more.





4. What is the difference between worksheet and sheet in excel?
---> Worksheet" refers to a specific type of sheet - the one where you enter data - while "Sheet" is a more general term 
 encompassing all types of sheets in an Excel workbook.


5. What is the difference between A1 reference style and R1C1 Referencestyle? What are the advantages and disadvantages of
 using R1C1 reference style?
---> The main difference is in how cell references are represented: A1 uses letters for columns and numbers for rows, 
 while R1C1 uses numbers for both.

. Advantages of R1C1:
 Simplifies relative referencing.
 Useful for complex formulas and macros.

Disadvantages:
 Less intuitive.
 Harder to read.
 Potential confusion when switching styles.

6. When is offset statement used for in VBA? Let’s suppose your current
highlight cell is A1 in the below table. Using OFFSET statement, write a
VBA code to highlight the cell with “Hello” written in it.

A B C
1 25 354 362
2 36 6897 962
3 85 85 Hello
4 96 365 56
5 75 62 2662
---> The OFFSET function in VBA is used to reference a cell or range of cells relative to a starting cell. It takes
  parameters for the number of rows and columns to offset from the starting cell, as well as optional parameters for 
  the height and width of the resulting range.
 To write a VBA code using the OFFSET function to highlight the cell with "Hello" written in it, assuming the current 
 highlighted cell is A1, you can use the following code:
 
Sub HighlightHelloCell()
    Dim targetCell As Range
    
    ' Set the starting cell
    Set targetCell = Range("A1")
    
    ' Use the OFFSET function to move to the cell with "Hello"
    Set targetCell = targetCell.Offset(2, 2) ' Offset 2 rows down and 2 columns right
    
    ' Highlight the cell
    targetCell.Interior.Color = RGB(255, 255, 0) ' Yellow color
End Sub


 This code sets the starting cell as A1, then uses the OFFSET function to move 2 rows down and 2 columns right from A1, 
resulting in cell C3 (where "Hello" is written). Finally, it highlights the cell with a yellow color.